Consistently note if constructor can be called w/o new (#19631)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/dataview/dataview/index.md

new DataView(buffer, byteOffset, byteLength)
```

> > **Note:** `DataView()` can only be constructed with [`new`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new) — attempting to call it without `new` would throw a {{jsxref("TypeError")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `DataView()` can only be constructed with [`new`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new). Attempting to call it without `new` throws a {{jsxref("TypeError")}}.
```
